Earn 1.20 million in 5 days
If you don't brag, you will die.
Dream on, Li Qiu
Do you want to take Xiaoyan's money to gamble on balls and stones?
Or picking up antiques?
If so, I'll ask you to get out now.
I'm talking about 1.20 million
Not for 1.20 million
Just sell cool sister, you little snacks
Mr. Yi, I admire your business talent
But you said selling small snacks 1.20 million 5 days
How is that possible?
This era
Nothing is impossible
Since you are so confident
Let's take a gamble.
How to gamble if you lose
Work for free in the finance department of my company for 10 years
If you lose
I'll give you the whole company
It's a deal, it's a deal.
Mr. Li
I'll go back to the company to check the property recovery situation.
Please be sure to pay for this small gift.
Mr. Sun, walk slowly
Yiqiu, are you crazy?
Earn 1.20 million in 5 days
Are you
Do you really want to give him 10 years of free work?
Maybe I can be a president and so on